# Weekly Reflection
This reflection is an open format, so it can be whatever you like. Take this opportunity to write a bit on some of the things you have learned this week, or some of the things that you are still struggling with, identify some challenges you had at the beginning of the week that you were able to overcome, or just generally how you are feeling at this point in the course.

## Prompts
- What went well this week?
- What did you learn as a shock or suprise?
- What are you struggling with?
- What would you count as a victory?



I think what well this week is that I survived these last two weeks have been the hardest weeks of the course and with it being a short week it was really hard to practice doing MVC which I still need practice with and Async code at the same time but I was really proud that I was able to finish my checkpoint with most of the requirements meet because on friday I didn't think I was going to be able to complete the assignment. 


Kind of on the same topic what I struggled with this week is async code and mvc. I struggled with finding my way when I got lost in the project and I feel like I have gotten a little better at it with this checkpoint but I still need much more work. I also struggled with the API's like I understood how async code works and and the await line but I struggled with the different naming conventions of the API.


The victory that I had this week is defiantly finishing my checkpoint. I hope the grading goes well but I was not having a great day coding on friday and I was looking at my project and the project of others and I was just super worried I was not going to be able to get it done in time but I am glad I did and I think that is defiantly my victory this week.