# Weekly Reflection
This reflection is an open format, so it can be whatever you like. Take this opportunity to write a bit on some of the things you have learned this week, or some of the things that you are still struggling with, identify some challenges you had at the beginning of the week that you were able to overcome, or just generally how you are feeling at this point in the course.

## Prompts
- What went well this week?
- What did you learn as a shock or suprise?
- What are you struggling with?
- What would you count as a victory?



I feel that learning the backend of programming went pretty well this week. I still need more practice with all of javascript programming but I feel that most of the stuff that we went over this week made sense and was easy to pick up on the crude methods where really cool to learn. I also had a lot of fun at the hackathon and I can't wait for our capstone projects and the next hackathon it was a lot of work for one day but it was great working in a group and trying to solve problems together and also bouncing ideas off of each other to try and make the best website that we can while still hitting our goals.


The concepts that I am struggling with the most in terms of what we learned this week are virtuals, populate and relationships. Relationships kind of make sense to me that the child always knows its parents but the parents never know the child I just want to get more practice at working with them as well as being able to find items that I am looking for. For example in the galaxy project we did I want to get better at finding all of the planets in a specific galaxy by working more relationships and their ids. The last thing I am struggling with is populate and I think it might be a good thing to possibly use my tutoring for.