# Weekly Reflection
This reflection is an open format, so it can be whatever you like. Take this opportunity to write a bit on some of the things you have learned this week, or some of the things that you are still struggling with, identify some challenges you had at the beginning of the week that you were able to overcome, or just generally how you are feeling at this point in the course.

## Prompts
- What went well this week?
- What did you learn as a shock or surprise?
- What are you struggling with?
- What would you count as a victory?


This week has felt very overwhelming and kind of feels like jumping into the frying pan. However since it has felt so overwhelming it also feels like I am learning a massive amount of content every day. I have learned how to breakdown a website to be able to organize the website that I am building in groups to make it easier to build out. I also learned how to use Bootstrap to use the grid system to organize and use Bootstrap to build my website more quickly and finally I have learned how to do a wire-frame to mock up a website that I want to build at a very early concept. I feel that the lectures have gone really well and the instructors do a great job at explaining the concepts and showing off how they build their code and achieve the website they are trying to build. 

I was surprised to learn that you can use different methods to achieve the same results in different ways for example when I was struggling with one of my afternoon websites I was trying to move some text over to the center of my page over an image however when I was using text-align center it was not working so I was able to achieve the same result that I was looking for using offset col 4 to move the column over to the center page to look nice in my image.


The first thing that I think that I am struggling with is when I first open my VS code and it is a blank page I sometimes feel overwhelmed and not sure where to start and unsure how to properly build the foundation for the website. I will usually start with building a header,body and footer kind of like a writing a paper to lay everything out however I am always second guessing myself or struggling to make sure I have good containers and rows to my website to make sure everything is clean and not over complicated or out of place. 



The two victories that come to mind this week is first my afternoon project where we used Bootstrap to build out a website using a grid system. It came out really well and better than I thought it would. There is more work to do on it and polish it up but I was happy with the outcome of my website. The second victory for me is I was really struggling with justify-content and the different flex concepts during my second and third day of class but I was really happy with the morning activity on our fourth day the Flexbox Froggy because it explained the concepts really well of what each action is doing and it was nice to visualize the frogs if you type the right or wrong answer. So for me it feels like a victory because I felt completely lost but this activity really built my understanding of the different concepts even though I am not perfect at it and need more practice.