# Weekly Reflection
This reflection is an open format, so it can be whatever you like. Take this opportunity to write a bit on some of the things you have learned this week, or some of the things that you are still struggling with, identify some challenges you had at the beginning of the week that you were able to overcome, or just generally how you are feeling at this point in the course.

## Prompts
- What went well this week?
- What did you learn as a shock or surprise?
- What are you struggling with?
- What would you count as a victory?




I think that I made really good progress on my backend side of my website. I would have liked to have been done with my backend before the end of wednesday or earlier but I think I did a good job of narrowly missing that goal. I also think I did a little bit better at time boxing this week by trying to take more breaks when I got stuck but also by setting little goals during my project to try and hit those things by a specific time.


What I would have done differently this week is take time before I start coding out every webpage and think a little bit more about how I want to layout the page. How are the buttons going to work for my requirements and how are those buttons going to work for good UI design. I also would have tried to use the reference code a little better and not jump around so much to different things before I moved on because it began to much to juggle and overwhelming. For example when I went home thursday I started working on my code throughout the night and I got stuck on a lot of stuff so I would move on and start writing code for another function with a no way test if it was going to work or not but it would have been smarter of me which Mick mentioned and I wish I would have implemented instead. To go start with a different component or a whole different webpage that I could have written code for and tested that way I could have made more progress on my own when I am home and also wouldn't have to spend so much time troubleshooting stuff that I written the night before that couldn't then.



The only victory I can really think of this week is mainly my work ethic or determination. I find it hard sometimes not to compare myself to others when they finish their projects so fast or they have really good looking websites and mine doesn't look as good by comparison but I am happy even though at some points I was discouraged I still tried my best right up until the point I had to get graded.


Finally the last takeaway I got is that I think that I might prefer backend developing over frontend developing but I am not 100 percent sure yet and definitely need more time and practice and time with both to make my decision but it was nice to do a full stack application to kind of compare the two in such a short time span.