# Weekly Reflection
This reflection is an open format, so it can be whatever you like. Take this opportunity to write a bit on some of the things you have learned this week, or some of the things that you are still struggling with, identify some challenges you had at the beginning of the week that you were able to overcome, or just generally how you are feeling at this point in the course.

## Prompts
- What went well this week?
- What did you learn as a shock or surprise?
- What are you struggling with?
- What would you count as a victory?


 I feel this week what went really well is I made some really cool projects through out the week in regards to the projects that I did by myself and the project that I did in a group. It was also really rewarding when I got something to work especially if I figured it out by myself through trial and error or by researching with my resources. Throughout this week I had a couple eureka moments or surprises one of which is in regards to a for each loop and working with keys. I was working on one my afternoon project and I missed an s in my variable that I called and I got help from Sam and I told her that I was really confused on how to keep track of the different name conventions. She explained that once you say let animal = animals[key] that for the rest of my function that I should only be using the word animal as an example because I have declared animal a variable for the items in my animals array. Even though it should have been really obvious and animal is a banana word it just clicked in my brain. Another light bulb moment for me was when I was in lecture I did not really understand the difference between an array and an object but Mick did a great job explaining that you want to use array when you don't know what items are going to be in array or if those items can change, where as an object is better for a dictionary where each item has a specific identification because using an object is easier to pull out the items that you want, where as an array has to loop through each item every time to find the exact item that you want. I think I am struggling with understanding Javascript a little in regards to when to use certain tools to achieve what I want. I understand what a function is and that you have to create a function and what it does and then call it back later at certain points of your code, but I think I am struggling with understanding what tool to use to get what I want. When I am looking at a blank page and I was building my checkpoint 2 it would take me a long time just to figure out what I should start with in javascript to start creating the functionality of my game. I would say a victory that I had this week is getting better at using console logs to put the value I should get back as well as a string note to give myself notes with my console logs so I know what each thing is doing. Also I used my debugger a few times and it helped me start to problem solve some of my problems before I asked for help which is something I wanted to work on last week by just trying to use tools more often to help debug my own code.