# Weekly Reflection
This reflection is an open format, so it can be whatever you like. Take this opportunity to write a bit on some of the things you have learned this week, or some of the things that you are still struggling with, identify some challenges you had at the beginning of the week that you were able to overcome, or just generally how you are feeling at this point in the course.

## Prompts
- What went well this week?
- What did you learn as a shock or surprise?
- What are you struggling with?
- What would you count as a victory?


Some things that I think went really well this week is that I have a really great group to work with on my capstone I believe we all work really well together with a variety of different skill levels and we all listen to everyone's ideas in the group and discuss it amongst ourselves we shows that we have great teamwork. I also think that we have a great idea has a team and has a lot of potential has an application to build out in fun and creative ways as well as a good app if done right to show to employers has a great portfolio piece.

One thing that was also pretty cool was learning how to use different apis in our project we were using the yelp api as well as the google api at one point but it was really cool to work with a different api and pull down lots of information on places to eat with lots of different information saved about that website we were even able to put a link in where if you clicked on something you were taking right to google maps to be able to find the restaurant that you are looking for.


One thing that I am struggling on is being the scrum master. I usually don't take leader roles when it comes to group things but I volunteered to be the scrum master because I thought it would be a great way to practice managing an application as well as being able to be the voice for the people who are the product owner and be able to divide up tasks in a meaningful way allowing everyone to build there skill as well as challenge themselves. I think I am getting better at it but the first couple days I felt like I did not do a great job at organizing the tasks that needed to be done for the day to hit our project goals. I hope that I am getting better and I also would like to know how my team thinks I am doing at the role and if there is anything that I can improve on or anything that I can do in my role to help them out in anyway.

