# Weekly Reflection
This reflection is an open format, so it can be whatever you like. Take this opportunity to write a bit on some of the things you have learned this week, or some of the things that you are still struggling with, identify some challenges you had at the beginning of the week that you were able to overcome, or just generally how you are feeling at this point in the course.

## Prompts
- What went well this week?
- What did you learn as a shock or suprise?
- What are you struggling with?
- What would you count as a victory?


I feel what went really well this week is that I had a good understanding at least on an overview level of how the MVC model works and I think it is a great way put all the different functions and methods into specif box that way you know exactly where to write that code. Last week I was struggling with loops and functions and this week I feel like I got a lot better at them I am no where near perfect but at least I can understand what each function is used for so I might be better at picking the right tool for the right job. Also my tutoring session went really well Harrison gave me a lot of great tools like a website to practice and just explained everything really well for me.

One thing that I am struggling with is how to debug my code I think I am getting better at it but I find hard to debug my code specifically when there is no error message. The thing I like about the mvc method is it usually tells you what file your code is broken in or at least a couple files to check but this weekend I am having a problem with getting my reservations to inject into the right trip but my code doesn't throw an error because it thinks it is working probably so I tried console logging most things I can think of to try and help but have not been able to figure it out so far. So that is one thing I would like to get better at as well as practicing my functions, methods and loops.

One thing that I would count as a victory is my checkpoint this week. This week was definitely the hardest week that I have had in this course so far. Sometimes I wasn't even able to finish my afternoon projects because I struggled so much with them. However with my checkpoint there was a point on Saturday that I thought I wasn't going to be able to finish the vast majority of my project but I was able to figure out most of the requirements beside one. So I count that has a victory because I was able to push through and finish most of my project even though I wish I would have had more time to work on it and make things look a little nicer.