# Weekly Reflection
This reflection is an open format, so it can be whatever you like. Take this opportunity to write a bit on some of the things you have learned this week, or some of the things that you are still struggling with, identify some challenges you had at the beginning of the week that you were able to overcome, or just generally how you are feeling at this point in the course.

## Prompts
- What went well this week?
- What did you learn as a shock or suprise?
- What are you struggling with?
- What would you count as a victory?


I think what went well this week is that I really liked working with the vue framework. I understand that we needed to understand and learn the MVC pattern the hard way but going from that to the Vue framework I never want to go back writing it the old way. So I think learning vue pattern went pretty well I do need more practice but it was much easier for me to follow and figure out what was happening when using the vue framework.

One thing that shocked me this week is not having to write a function anymore for drawing things to the screen even though we wrote a lot of draw functions and I got pretty good at that them it is such a relief to be able to just get the data and then throw on the screen just by using the double curly brackets.


I think that I am still struggling with working with an Api. I defiantly got better than I was this week but I am struggling with knowing exactly what to type to get exactly what I want to happen. I also struggled with my pages and changing my pages specifically with the profile page because I needed to filter by the profile but also still grab all the posts for that specific user without grabbing all of the other posts.


One thing that I count as a victory is the fact that I felt like I got more of my weekend project done by myself this week. I am defiantly not afraid of asking questions if I don't understand a specific thing within my project but I was happy that I was able to code so much of my project by myself before I had to go ask for help. It felt very rewarding and I figured out most stuff by myself besides the pages which was a challenge for me.